Initial commit for swift-ogg (#1)
vector-im/swift-ogg: README.md

# swift-ogg

> This library provides a very simple api to convert between `opus/ogg` and `MPEG4AAC/m4a` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library provides a very simple API to convert between `opus/ogg` and `MPEG4AAC/m4a` files.
```

It uses opus's `libopus` `libogg` to convert between `opus/ogg` and linear PCM audio data and native iOS apis to convert between PCM and `MPEG4AAC/m4a`(but could be very easily adapted to use any other codec/container supported by iOS).

> Apples recording and playback apis form `AVFoundation` can then be used quite simply with a codec/container pair that iOS natively supports(`MPEG4AAC/m4a` in this case).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apple's recording and playback APIs from `AVFoundation` can then be used quite simply with a codec/container pair that iOS natively supports (`MPEG4AAC/m4a` in this case).
```
